Migrate Credentials docs from opensource.ripple.com (#2905)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/references/http-websocket-apis/public-api-methods/path-and-order-book-methods/deposit_authorized.md

# deposit_authorized
[[Source]](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/blob/817d2339b8632cb2f97d3edd6f7af33aa7631744/src/ripple/rpc/handlers/DepositAuthorized.cpp "Source")

> The `deposit_authorized` command indicates whether one account is authorized to send payments directly to another. See [Deposit Authorization](https://xrpl.org/docs/concepts/accounts/depositauth/) for information on how to require authorization to deliver money to your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `deposit_authorized` command indicates whether one account is authorized to send payments directly to another. See [Deposit Authorization](../../../../concepts/accounts/depositauth.md) for information on how to require authorization to deliver money to your account.
```

It should remain a relative path.

{% /tab %}

{% tab label="Commandline" %}

```bash
#Syntax: deposit_authorized <source_account> <destination_account> [<ledger>]
rippled deposit_authorized rEhxGqkqPPSxQ3P25J66ft5TwpzV14k2de rsUiUMpnrgxQp24dJYZDhmV4bE3aBtQyt8 validated
```
{% /tab %}
{% /tabs %}

The request includes the following parameters:

| Field                 | Type                 | Required? | Description |
|:----------------------|:---------------------|:----------|-------------|
| `source_account`      | String - [Address][] | Yes       | The sender of a possible payment. |
| `destination_account` | String - [Address][] | Yes       | The recipient of a possible payment. |

> | `ledger_hash`         | [Hash][]             | No        | A 20-byte hex string for the ledger version to use. (See [Specifying Ledgers][]) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ledger_hash`         | [Hash][]             | No        | A 32-byte hex string for the ledger version to use. (See [Specifying Ledgers][]) |
```

}
```
{% /tab %}
{% /tabs %}

The response follows the [standard format][], with a successful result containing the following fields:

| Field                  | Type                      | Required? | Description   |
|:-----------------------|:--------------------------|:----------|:--------------|
| `credentials`          | Array of [Hash][]         | No        | The credentials specified in the request, if any. |

> | `deposit_authorized`   | Boolean                   | Yes       | Whether the specified source account is authorized to send payments directly to the destination account. If `true`, either the destination account does not require [deposit authorization](https://xrpl.org/docs/concepts/accounts/depositauth) or the source account is preauthorized. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `deposit_authorized`   | Boolean                   | Yes       | Whether the specified source account is authorized to send payments directly to the destination account. If `true`, either the destination account does not require [deposit authorization](../../../../concepts/accounts/depositauth.md) or the source account is preauthorized. |
```

| `destination_account`  | String - [Address][]      | Yes       | The destination account specified in the request. |
| `ledger_hash`          | String                    | No        | The identifying hash of the ledger that was used to generate this response. |
| `ledger_index`         | Number - [Ledger Index][] | No        | The ledger index of the ledger version that was used to generate this response. |
| `ledger_current_index` | Number - [Ledger Index][] | No        | The ledger index of the current in-progress ledger version, which was used to generate this response. |
| `source_account`       | String - [Address][]      | Yes       | The source account specified in the request. |
| `validated`            | Boolean                   | No        | If `true`, the information comes from a validated ledger version. |

{% admonition type="info" name="Note" %}

> A `deposit_authorized` status of `true` does not guarantee that a payment can be sent from the specified source to the specified destination. For example, the destination account may not have a [trust line](https://xrpl.org/docs/concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens) for the specified currency, or there may not be enough liquidity to deliver a payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `deposit_authorized` status of `true` does not guarantee that a payment can be sent from the specified source to the specified destination. For example, the destination account may not have a [trust line](../../../../concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens/index.md) for the specified currency, or there may not be enough liquidity to deliver a payment.
```
